This is my dad. He was 64 when he passed and he didn't live long enough to see a single day of rest.
Now this is my mom. She's 65 now and it is my life's mission to make sure that is not the same case for her.
I don't have that many regrets, but one of my biggest ones in life is not finding success in time for my dad to experience it.
I'm here at my parents' house, a classic immigrant household.
They came here with nothing but a dream, hoping that they could give me the opportunities that they never had in the Philippines.
You know, so many of our families moved here for that very reason in hopes that their sacrifice pays off.
But for me, unfortunately, I veered off that path.
I dropped out of high school, but I also picked up a camera.
And honestly, a camera has been in my hands for as long as I could remember.
My entire childhood was filmed because my dad loved cameras and my grandpa was a photographer too.
So in a weird way, I felt like it was in my blood.
Fast forward, this camera took me to so many places and I learned so much along the way.
And a couple of years ago, I started sharing everything I knew about being a full-time creative.
And to my surprise, so many of you enjoyed it, followed, learned, and even messaged me about how my free content has helped level up your videos.
Which led me to here.
Content College.
A business that I'm genuinely passionate about.
I fell in love with teaching and now I want to give you nothing but my best.
Which leads me back to this.
When my dad passed, this is all Home Depot gave him.
This.
This is what his life's work amounted to and I can't let my mom's life end the same way.
I wish my dad got to travel more.
I wish he got to see the Philippines again, you know.
Shit, I never even went back with my family or with my mom.
But maybe, you know, if this business does well, I can finally take us there together.
Anyways, nothing here changes.
Don't worry about that.
I will still be posting top-tier free content every week.
But if you want to dive deeper, I created Content College.
And yes, I'll be talking about it on my page more.
And if that's not for you, that's okay.
But I owe it to my family's legacy and to my mom to try.
And to everybody who's joined so far, thank you.
I truly appreciate it.
Anyways, hope to see y'all in there.
Peace.
