the update you've all been waiting for on NYC boy.
Let's just say someone could write a book about my single life at this point.
So let's just start from the beginning.
After sharing my single diaries, being single my whole life, you know, all that good stuff,
you were all telling me to fly somewhere.
So I flew to my favorite city in the world, which is New York.
And on the second day, I see a very attractive man in a coffee shop.
And we lock eyes a few times, but me being me, I don't make any move and I just leave my coffee.
Two minutes later, someone taps me on the shoulder and it's him, the coffee shop boy.
He ran after me down the streets of New York to ask for my number.
So as the hopeless romantic that I am, you can just imagine what's going through my head.
Anyway, we end up messaging all day, we arrange a date and what's even weirder is the next day
I pass him on my run whilst wearing no makeup.
So I freak out.
Because I'm not gonna lie, out of all the dates I've been on, this is the second time I've been
this excited for a date.
Like, I actually fancy the guy, which rarely happens to me because when it does,
like whenever I fancy a guy, it never ended up the way I'd hoped.
So I think a lot of the time I try and protect myself by not fancy anyone.
Anyway, so my body's freaking out all day and bless my friend,
she was just being the best at trying to stop me from talking myself out of it.
Because I also just don't want to date anyone, like I really am happy focusing on myself.
But I really had a good feeling about this one, so I got ready, I felt fit as f**k.
But I didn't hear from him for a while, so I was a little on edge.
But it was fine, I went out for dinner with my friend and we just waited out a bit.
Two hours go by and at this point I'm looking at her thinking,
he's gonna stand me up his name.
Then three hours go by, four, five hours go by, until I finally hear from him saying that he was on his phone.
And I hated making this, but I ended up stopping at the bar.
So much so that the bartender sees me and hands me a free cocktail and a load of tissues.
And ugh, god I'm not crying over this guy.
I mean, maybe there's a little bit.
But I'm just so frustrated with this vicious single cycle that I meant.
Having my walls up after getting hurt by guys, but then having to put myself back in situations like this
to open up and heal, or for the risk of getting hurt again.
And it's just the same thing over and over.
And I hate admitting that guys are hurting me.
Because I am a strong woman.
I know my worth so much.
And I just, I hate how guys make me question my worth.
Honestly, I've got a lot to say on this.
But for now, that's the update on NYC boy.
And to conclude, I'm a lot happier without men in my proximity.
Thank you.
