If you post more content in a day,
so you go from one to two videos,
you have to be okay with your views going down.
But that's just per video,
and I'm gonna explain this in a second.
It's called view distribution.
Think about supply and demand.
Your audience, let's say you are a gardener creator
and grandma Carla, shout out my grandma Carla.
She is a fan of you,
but she only spends one hour on TikTok a day.
Let's say in that hour,
a hundred videos is what she's gonna scroll.
I know the math doesn't quite make sense,
but bear with me.
In those a hundred videos, that is her demand.
Okay, the supply is her algorithm
pairing her with creators that she likes.
Okay, so maybe she likes you.
Maybe she likes a little Kai Sinat.
Maybe she likes a little call her daddy.
And then she also likes carrots and gardening.
And then she also likes a little ESPN.
Okay, so she gets on.
It's four o'clock in the afternoon.
She has a hundred scrolls, theoretically,
bear with me for the example.
What is she gonna get dished?
If you posted one time in a day,
you're probably gonna get dished into that hundred,
a hundred percent of the time if she's a fan of you.
If you post two times a day,
it might spread out your supply
across two viewing sessions.
Making your video views,
singular video views, down a hair.
But this is the good news,
is we don't check video views.
That is not the metric we care about.
We care about views week over week.
So what happens is,
you're gonna look at a view, a video.
You're gonna be used to 5,000 views.
I love my 5,000 views videos.
You start posting twice a day,
and it's gonna drop to 2,000 views.
You're gonna start panicking.
You're gonna get nervous.
But you don't need to be nervous,
because whenever you look at week over week,
you're gonna have gotten more views in a week.
Okay, because now you're spreading your surface area out.
Again, you're putting out more supply into the world.
You're gonna have more supply.
The views are gonna get spread out across more people.
You're gonna get more reach.
And then most importantly,
you're gonna get more followers off of this.
So I'm not telling you to post more times right now,
because that might not be the option for you.
But I am telling you that if you're in a season
where it's time in your creative journey
to start posting more often,
usually this is whenever you're trying to reach the next level
or you've mastered a skill,
you need to now put gas onto the flame,
then sure, press the volume,
but know that you need to have realistic expectations.
That's all I'm saying.
With that being said,
I'm about to get a margarita
at two o'clock in the afternoon.
Let's ride.



