This is a video about shadow banning.
It's actually the fourth in a short series of videos
about how ranking works on Instagram.
Now to start, shadow banning means different things
to different people, but generally it just means
that you're not getting as much reach
as you feel you deserve,
and you think something's happening behind the scenes.
So I want to explain a number of different things.
First, it's in our interest as a business
to connect your content with as many people
who are interested in that content as possible.
And that's because the more we do that,
the happier they're gonna be
if they're interested in your content,
the happier you're gonna be,
and the stronger our business is gonna be,
because they're actually gonna use Instagram more.
That said, there are some instances
where we will limit reach, and I'll walk you through them.
Now, you might remember from a previous video,
there's two parts to how ranking works on Instagram.
There's connected ranking and recommendations.
When your content is being showed to accounts
that have decided to follow you,
and when your content is being showed
to accounts that have not.
In connected ranking, we do not limit reach.
We want to make sure that as much of your content reaches
as many of your followers as are interested in it.
We do make some mistakes, but we're trying our best.
In recommendations, there are some instances
where we will limit reach.
And that's because when we're showing a piece of content
to someone from an account
that they did not decide to follow,
we bear more responsibility.
And so there are instances.
Now, if you think your account might not be recommendable,
then you can always go to profile settings
into account status, and you can see your account status,
and you can see if you're being recommended to non-followers.
And if there's an issue, you can address it in line.
Now, if you do that, and your account is in good standing,
and you still feel like reach isn't where it should be,
a couple of things to consider.
One, check out your insights.
Look at things like your send rate, and your like rate,
and your watch rate, and try to make sure you double down
on what's working, and you move away from what's not.
Two, check out our recommendability guidelines.
I'll put a link in the bio to make sure you're not getting
caught up in any issues that are sort of borderline.
And also watch my video about eligibility.
You can see that, you know, you need things like your videos
to be under three minutes, and no watermarks.
And four, sorry, three, experiment.
Try new things.
What works this month might not work next month,
because the world changes and people's interests change.
But we are doing our best to connect your content with as many people
as are interested in it as possible,
because it's in our interest to do so.
Hopefully this helps shed a little bit of light
on how the system works.
But more videos to come.
Peace.
