We just wiped this entire MacBook Pro. We're going to be turning it into a fully automated AI employee.
How are we going to do this? Cloud Code, Cloud Code, Cloud Code.
So this right here is Terminal, as you can see right here, and you can access Cloud Code by going into your terminal and typing Claude.
Well, if you haven't installed Cloud Code, you can't, but this gives us direct access to Cloud Code.
And our AI employee, his name is Vibemo, and we gave him his own computer.
This is his own computer, and Cloud Code actually controls the computer.
It can do things, create files, edit files, delete files on your computer.
So like within that terminal, I can say, create a folder in my downloads and call it C, I'm an agent.
So we're creating a folder, then do research on companies creating AI agents and using them as employees and putting them in a markdown file.
Then it's going to take that research and turn it into a landing page in the style that I want.
So it's going to do all of those things directly from our terminal.
And if we open up our downloads, and you can see here, it created a folder on our computer called C, I'm an agent.
So we can go within this C, I'm an agent folder.
Now it's doing research on using AI agents as employees.
Now it's creating a markdown file.
And there we go.
Agent does research just came in.
And so now we can check out its research.
Here is the research that it did.
Now it's creating a landing page based on that research.
Okay, it's done with the landing page.
So we can actually click on this.
And okay, there it is.
And we can scroll down.
Let's see.
Yeah, all right.
Well, this is not great.
But the point is, this is like a location on my computer.
But what if we want this actually on the internet?
We're going to use the GitHub CLI and the Vercel CLI to push it to the internet.
Now we're going to run that with Cloud Code.
Spelunking.
So right now it's asking me permissions to do certain things.
But if you actually run this with a command called dangerously skip permissions, you can
look it up.
It will actually bypass all of these.
And you actually won't have to do this.
And so instead of us having to put in commands, Cloud Code will actually write its own command.
So anything we type in here, in theory, it could actually write itself.
If we give this agent the ability to message anyone on Slack if it doesn't know what to do
or generate and edit images, create videos, generate sounds, post on Twitter or Instagram,
in theory, it could fully autonomously just control a computer, control a bunch of accounts
and analyze metrics and send useful information to employees just like a human would.
Okay, so it actually said it has put this on Vercel.
We can just copy this link right here.
You can just paste it in and boom, it's now on the internet.
So in this video, we saw that I prompted it.
Eventually, it will just re-prompt itself.
It'll take everything that happened after using those tools and re-prompt itself.
And then it will go back and look at the environment, use tools again,
and then re-prompt itself in a circle.
And there's infinite amount of tools you could give to Cloud Code.
And one of those tools is re-prompting itself.
It's that easy.
And so this is just day one.
And this is an overview.
In day two, we're going to be designing what the front end of this AI agent will look like.
Because after all, this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
And this is a fully autonomous employee.
