This is the tailest of all the shipping agents. Up first we got lit buy. I'm gonna put that in the
okay category. It's a new agent so for me that's unreliable and they got 40% off shipping which I
don't know how they're managing to afford that. After being a new agent they're gonna burn through
all of the investor funds and be left with nothing soon so for now I wouldn't recommend it. I'd
rather stick to a safer agent. Alright up next Orient Dig. I haven't heard too much about the
agent. I heard it was popping a couple months ago maybe seven months ago but since then I've seen
no one using it. I barely hear about it. Alright up next we got Joygu. I'm gonna put Joygu in good
agent. I've never had no problems with Joygu. They've been amazing. Customer service is amazing.
The shipping times were great. Shipping prices were okay. Joygu was a good agent. Up next CN fans
that's going in to stop using right now. They've got so many problems recently. So much headache
going around CN fans. They've had investors drop out. They fired all of their creators and now
they're not using Weedian. For me it's just a big no-no. It's leading to signs that it's gonna
shut down so I would stop using ASAP. Next up Ubuy. The best agent that's going at the top.
Ubuy is amazing. They've got amazing customer service. Amazing rewards. Amazing processing times
and the shipping is so great. If you've got any problems Ubuy are gonna solve them easily and
you can come to me directly and I can help you. Alright next up we've got ACbuy. I'm gonna put
that in good agent. I've never heard any problems about ACbuy. They've always been a good agent.
I've heard people use. I've not had any problems. No complaints. Only that the shipping is expensive
but the shipping is gonna be the same for most agents to be honest. Next up Superbuy. I'm gonna
put that in okay. I don't really know anyone that uses it. Actually I do. Someone actually DMed me back
in the day and they said to me that they ordered haul. It got seized. They lost half of their items
and Superbuy didn't want to give them their money back and they bought insurance. So for me that's a
big red flag. So I'll put it in okay. I haven't heard any other complaints. Only good things. So for me
that takes it from good agent to okay. Next up we've got Kakobuy. I'm gonna put that in good agent. I've not
heard any bad things about Kakobuy. I've heard that they're overall a good agent. And finally we've
got Mewbuy. I'm putting that in stop using agent ASAP. They got caught doing bait and switch
supposedly. And that is a very very bad sign to have from an agent. So if I was you that I'd still
clear for now until the scandal dies down. But yeah that's my honest agent reviews. I would use
anything that's in good agent and above. Obviously I would recommend UBuy 30% of shipping when you sign
up with the link in my bio. But yeah you lot come join the China side and let me know what you think.
