All right, I'll tell you a story.
We have three hoodies that were invented
to solve three wildly different problems.
So first up, we've got the Champion reverse weave hoodies.
So this is the patent, August 9th, 1938,
Friedland et al.
So Champion knitwear company in the 1930s
are making a very expensive item,
100% heavyweight cotton, and it's made in the USA.
We're talking sweatshirts, track pants,
and because they're so expensive,
they're expected to last for years.
And they were noticing that shrinkage was a huge issue.
So how do you stop a very expensive sweatshirt
from changing shape?
How do you protect your investment?
So they noticed that the sweatshirts were shrinking
in one direction more than the other,
more in the warp than the weft.
So they decide to turn the fabric 90 degrees,
limiting the shrink from top to bottom,
but that still gives them the problem of sideways shrinking.
So they add a panel of ribbing, a side gusset
that resists the shrink with tension,
an engineering solution to a physical problem.
Very elegant, very clever.
So hoodie number two is the Nike Tech Fleece Hoodie,
which is very tech and not really fleece.
So it is a sandwich of material.
So you have a smooth layer of cotton jersey,
which is then bonded to a middle layer of foam.
And this fluffy inner layer is now what we understand
to be a nest of microplastics.
And this is a very high tech engineering solution to,
can we make a heavyweight cotton fabric lighter
without paying for a lot of cotton?
But is that really the problems that they are solving?
But you have to understand that this was invented in 2013.
And the fashion marketplace at the time
is contending with Lululemon and athleisure
creeping into the market.
And it is this idea of everyday performance.
Can an everyday person feel more like an athlete?
What Nike Tech Fleece is, is an engineering response
to a marketing problem.
Can we turn a heavyweight old fashioned hoodie
into a sleek urban uniform?
Problem, solution.
So hoodie number three takes the same idea 10 steps further.
This is a thousand GSM hoodie.
GSM refers to grams per square meter, like how heavy it is.
This hoodie contends with the idea of what is luxury.
And it's really interesting to observe
that what was once mainstream 100% heavyweight cotton
has become a luxury fabric.
And the design of these hoodies is led by e-commerce.
On a website, a black hoodie looks like a black hoodie,
looks like a black hoodie.
So the only way to differentiate from each other
is measurements.
300 is better than 200.
1,000 must be three times better.
But that is purely a measurement of weight.
You end up purchasing something that is very good on paper,
but is essentially a wearable blanket.
So don't get me wrong, for a niche market of people
who live in very cold climates, this is functional wear.
But for most people, we have now arrived
at the anti-performance hoodie.
Like something that is not functional,
but exists purely as a status object.
That I have acquired more cotton on my body than you.
And ultimately, it's not really about which is the best hoodie.
It is about which design answers the question in your life.
Do I want something that's expensive but durable?
Do I want an urban uniform?
Do I want to drape my body in an expensive fabric?
Clothes are just clothes,
but they can be a reflection of what you value.
