Today we're doing a tier list ranking all the ways to make money on social media.
Number one, we have TikTok's creativity program.
Now I'm going to put this in the freaking D tier.
And the reason why it's in the D tier is because you literally have to have over 10,000 followers to even start.
And even though I've made over $10,000 from TikTok's own creativity program in the past couple years,
that was after getting like 50 million views.
So your likelihood of making this an actual income that means anything in your life is very, very slim.
Moving on, we have a clipping for famous streamers and influencers.
I'm sorry, but this one's going in the C tier, buddy.
I think it's a decent side hustle, but I haven't heard of anybody making like more than a couple grand a month consistently from this.
Next up, we got brand deals.
This one's actually going to go in B tier.
If you do have a following larger than like 50,000 followers, this can be a pretty decent, consistent source of full-time income, like 5 to 10k a month.
But 50k followers is a pretty decent caveat.
And that's like very, very slim and hard to do.
So the next one that's very similar to brand deals is something called UGC.
You basically get paid to make content for businesses, even if you don't have a following.
And because of this insanely low barrier to entry, we're going to have to put this in the S tier.
You don't need crazy experience.
I've seen people literally hit 10k a month in their first like 60 days with UGC.
And I think it's one of the most fair and consistent ways to make income as a creator.
Because a lot of these brands too will pay you base pay for every video that you make and consistent retainers rather than a lot of these other ones, which require you to constantly be going viral.
And tomorrow I'm actually doing a live class breaking down how to get started with UGC and make 1 to 5k a month.
So just comment job if you want to join that live stream.
But last but not least, we got online coaching.
And this one I'm going to put in the A tier.
This includes fitness coaching, even selling courses.
Now, contrary to popular belief, you can actually start this with around 1,000 followers.
I was in Bali two days ago and I met up with this friend who literally hit 100k a month with their coaching business with like 18,000 Instagram followers.
It's crazy.
It doesn't require you to go super duper viral.
But you do need to have some sort of niche experience and expertise going in if you want to start coaching or else you're kind of just going to be a scammer.
But yeah, let me know what you guys think of this tier list.
Do you disagree?
