Posting content at a higher volume is one of the most important things a creator can do,
but the problem is most people spray and pray. They don't have some feng shua
to higher frequencies of posting. So let's break it down. I'm going to show you how to post three
times a day with actual great ideas and structure and brand pillars. So we're going to run this
through three steps. We're going to have a format catalog, a pillars catalog, and then a topics
catalog. Theoretically, you should be able to run a video idea through this journey and come up with
three different videos. So number one, let's talk about formats. A luxury format is something like
a green screen, a split screen, maybe it's a nicer camera. It's something that's going to be a little
bit harder to do, but it's kind of where you're going to get a lot of growth. The app format is
something very easy. It's your easiest one. It's where you can just sit down, turn the camera on
and yeah. And then the low lift is the scalable content where it's like a seven second B roll of
you doing a fit check in the mirrors and then you throw like some on-screen text or like a carousel.
And the goal is in a day, you can actually ebb and flow and just do one of each to detect your
time, but also still get great results because all of these serve a different purpose. Then you're
going to run that video idea into one of your brand pillars. A brand pillar are the main things you talk
about. I have a fitness creator here for an example. Okay. These are high level pillars that are going to
rip. So we have some examples here, fat loss, peptide usage, recovery, bodybuilding. Let's say that
this fitness creator does these four pillars. Then you run the idea through buzzwords or topics.
This is where we get over here and it's really specific. It's a lot more granular. And these are things
where real people really enjoy this specificity of it. So this is what we could do. I have my
ideation engine over here and we're going to run through this journey. So as I'm living my life, I'm
starting to develop an idea. And let's say somebody asked me a question about peptide usage. And you know
what? That's actually going to slot in. I'm going to do a yap on that. Well, that's my yap for the day.
Then I'm thinking about it and it's like, gosh, I have an object lesson about fat loss where I've
seen this before. Jeff Magnuson does that. He'll lay out a cake and he'll show, Hey, this piece of
the cake, the cake kind of will go like this. It'll be like a cake. It's like a white cake, but you'll
cut it in percentages. And it'll be like, Hey, 10% of your body fat is burnt doing that. And then 40%
is burnt doing that. And then 50% is burnt doing that. That's an object lesson. And that's a luxury
format. You have to go make a cake. You have to lay it down. You have to get a nicer camera and record it.
Okay. Well that's my, uh, object lesson video for the day. And then my low lift is maybe I have
somebody on my team or maybe I just enjoy doing this. I just have 10 pictures from my camera roll
and we turn this into a carousel and we throw some motivational tips on it. And maybe it's,
you know, we run it through like Sonics. I'm really passionate. I just read a book about sauna. And so
we're going to run my carousel through the recovery and then into the sauna. What this does,
this structures your thinking. So you're not starting at basically ground zero. You're starting 50% done
because you have your formats. They don't have to think about you have your pillars. They don't
have to think about, and then you have ideas that, you know, are going to be proven winners
because they've already done well on your page. Okay. That's how you post three times a day.
