Beat the Buffet episode 46. This is the series where your comments decide whether or not we
win or lose. In the last episode, we tried 7 sushis, $57 all-you-could-eat sushi. And after
reading your comments, it was clear that we did not win, making our record 27-18. But today,
we are checking out Monument Inn, which is known for their famous $54 seafood all-you-could-eat.
Fill up your drinks because it is time for redemption. So without further ado, let the
challenge begin. Round number one, they started off by bringing out their famous cinnamon rolls and
bread, which honestly feels like a trap. But the cinnamon rolls were actually super good though.
I even had to do the classic mouth wipe. And I only ate one cinnamon roll, so don't get mad at me,
all right? And the restaurant is right by the Houston Ship Channel, so you'll see some ships.
Round number two, we got a big platter of fresh oysters, which we doused in Tabasco and lemon.
And I've actually haven't eaten oysters in a while because the last time I did,
some devious things happen in the restaurant. But these tasted nice and fresh. I even put it on
a little cracker and it was pretty good. But we finished up that platter of oysters and I was
even tearing up a little bit. Then for round number three, we got the ribeye steak. Medium,
by the way. And you're probably wondering why I just didn't order this every round. Well,
you only get one for a $6 upcharge because they're all you could eat is $48. So with the $6 upcharge,
it's $54. But the ribeye was pretty tasty, really meaty. But then we moved on to round number four,
where we got this big bowl of shrimp. And I'm telling you, I don't know why there was so much
shrimp. And let me tell you, since I had to peel every single one, guess how long that took? And
I'm literally not joking. It was like over 50 shrimps. Like for some reason, each order's portions
are like crazy large. But somehow we finished it. And we moved on to round number five, where we got
this big platter of fried food. We're talking about fried catfish, fried shrimp, stuffed crab,
and these fried oysters, which I really did not want. And this all came on a bed of fries as well.
I was already really full. But to get prepared, I had to get a lot of ketchup. Fried catfish is one
of my favorites. So of course, you know, we're going to start off with that. But as I was looking down
at the platter, I said, no way I am finishing this. And then we tried some of the fried shrimp with
ketchup. And you know, it tastes like fried shrimp. And you know what I'm going to say next? The stuffed
crab tasted like stuffed crab. I mean, that's probably why I'm a legitimate food critic. Yeah,
but no joke, stay away from these fried oysters. Yeah, they are. They are not it. Yeah, but honestly,
I was not feeling good at all. So I had to tap out. I could not finish this. Now I am thankful for
the staff for letting us take this home though. But man, I don't know if this was just way too much
food or this was just a really bad performance. But as I look at those stairs, all I see is the feet.
Well, actually the crocs, but you know what I mean? I think you all know what time it is.
